Adjust documentation after removing jaeger (#17414)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/05-technical-reference/00-configuration-parameters/svls-02-environment-variables.md

| **SERVICE_NAMESPACE** | | The Namespace where the right Function exists on a cluster. |
| **KUBELESS_INSTALL_VOLUME** | `/kubeless` | Full path to volume mount with users source code. |
| **FUNC_RUNTIME** | | The name of the actual runtime. Possible values: `python39`, `nodejs16`, `nodejs16`. |

> | **TRACE_COLLECTOR_ENDPOINT** | | Full address of the Open-Telemetry Trace Collector is exported if trace collector endpoint is present |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **TRACE_COLLECTOR_ENDPOINT** | | Full address of the OpenTelemetry Trace Collector is exported if trace collector endpoint is present |
```
